fs/open.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE2(truncate, const char __user *, path, long, length)
fs/open.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE2(truncate64, const char __user *, path, loff_t, length)
fs/open.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE3(faccessat, int, dfd, const char __user *, filename, int, mode)
fs/open.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE2(access, const char __user *, filename, int, mode)
fs/open.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE1(chdir, const char __user *, filename)
fs/open.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE1(chroot, const char __user *, filename)
fs/open.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE3(fchmodat, int, dfd, const char __user *, filename,
fs/open.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE2(chmod, const char __user *, filename, umode_t, mode)
fs/open.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE5(fchownat, int, dfd, const char __user *, filename, uid_t, user,
fs/open.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE3(chown, const char __user *, filename, uid_t, user, gid_t, group)
fs/open.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE3(lchown, const char __user *, filename, uid_t, user, gid_t, group)
fs/open.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE3(open, const char __user *, filename, int, flags, umode_t, mode)
fs/open.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE4(openat, int, dfd, const char __user *, filename, int, flags,
fs/open.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE2(creat, const char __user *, pathname, umode_t, mode)
fs/stat.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE2(stat, const char __user *, filename,
fs/stat.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE2(lstat, const char __user *, filename,
fs/stat.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE2(newstat, const char __user *, filename,
fs/stat.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE2(newlstat, const char __user *, filename,
fs/stat.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE4(newfstatat, int, dfd, const char __user *, filename,
fs/stat.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE4(readlinkat, int, dfd, const char __user *, pathname,
fs/stat.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE3(readlink, const char __user *, path, char __user *, buf,
fs/stat.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE2(stat64, const char __user *, filename,
fs/stat.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE2(lstat64, const char __user *, filename,
fs/stat.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE4(fstatat64, int, dfd, const char __user *, filename,
fs/exec.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE1(uselib, const char __user *, library)
fs/statfs.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE2(statfs, const char __user *, pathname, struct statfs __user *, buf)
fs/statfs.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE3(statfs64, const char __user *, pathname, size_t, sz, struct statfs64 __user *, buf)
fs/quota/quota.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE4(quotactl, unsigned int, cmd, const char __user *, special,
fs/utimes.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE4(utimensat, int, dfd, const char __user *, filename,
fs/utimes.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE3(futimesat, int, dfd, const char __user *, filename,
fs/namei.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE4(mknodat, int, dfd, const char __user *, filename, umode_t, mode,
fs/namei.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE3(mknod, const char __user *, filename, umode_t, mode, unsigned, dev)
fs/namei.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE3(mkdirat, int, dfd, const char __user *, pathname, umode_t, mode)
fs/namei.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE2(mkdir, const char __user *, pathname, umode_t, mode)
fs/namei.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE1(rmdir, const char __user *, pathname)
fs/namei.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE3(unlinkat, int, dfd, const char __user *, pathname, int, flag)
fs/namei.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE1(unlink, const char __user *, pathname)
fs/namei.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE3(symlinkat, const char __user *, oldname,
fs/namei.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE2(symlink, const char __user *, oldname, const char __user *, newname)
fs/namei.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE5(linkat, int, olddfd, const char __user *, oldname,
fs/namei.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE2(link, const char __user *, oldname, const char __user *, newname)
fs/namei.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE5(renameat2, int, olddfd, const char __user *, oldname,
fs/namei.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE4(renameat, int, olddfd, const char __user *, oldname,
fs/namei.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE2(rename, const char __user *, oldname, const char __user *, newname)
fs/read_write.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE3(write, unsigned int, fd, const char __user *, buf,
fs/read_write.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE4(pwrite64, unsigned int, fd, const char __user *, buf,
fs/xattr.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE5(setxattr, const char __user *, pathname,
fs/xattr.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE5(lsetxattr, const char __user *, pathname,
fs/xattr.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE5(fsetxattr, int, fd, const char __user *, name,
fs/xattr.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE4(getxattr, const char __user *, pathname,
fs/xattr.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE4(lgetxattr, const char __user *, pathname,
fs/xattr.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE4(fgetxattr, int, fd, const char __user *, name,
fs/xattr.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE3(listxattr, const char __user *, pathname, char __user *, list,
fs/xattr.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE3(llistxattr, const char __user *, pathname, char __user *, list,
fs/xattr.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE2(removexattr, const char __user *, pathname,
fs/xattr.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE2(lremovexattr, const char __user *, pathname,
fs/xattr.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE2(fremovexattr, int, fd, const char __user *, name)
kernel/acct.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE1(acct, const char __user *, name)
kernel/uid16.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE3(chown16, const char __user *, filename, old_uid_t, user, old_gid_t, group)
kernel/uid16.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE3(lchown16, const char __user *, filename, old_uid_t, user, old_gid_t, group)
mm/swapfile.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE1(swapoff, const char __user *, specialfile)
mm/swapfile.c:SYSCALL_DEFINE2(swapon, const char __user *, specialfile, int, swap_flags)
